a Lebanese armed group Hezbollah says it
struck an Israeli tank with guided
missiles on the Israel Lebanon border
Hezbollah has reached this video said to
show the attack the Israeli Army
confirmed a tank was hit but said there
were no
casualties well the Israeli Army says
it's targeted Hezbollah positions inside
Lebanon towns along Israel's northern
border with Lebanon have been evacuated
after repeated exchanges of
fire and all this comes as hezbollah's
backer Iran is warning of preemptive
action against Israel let's get more on
this with zah Hoda she joins us live
from Southern Lebanon Zena tell us more
about this warning that Iran issued
overnight the possibility of an
expansion of the conflict if quote the
crimes against the people of Gaza
continue but last night's statement by
the Iranian foreign minister is seen as
the strongest yet warning of the
possibility of a preemptive strike in
the coming hours let me read what he
just said groups backed by Iran will not
allow Israel to do what it wants in Gaza
among those groups is lebanon's
Hezbollah lebanon's Hezbollah has been
engaged um with Israel along the border
for more than a week now since the war
against Gaza began but that crossb
exchange of fire has been largely
Limited in scope uh really confined to
the Border areas even limited to
military targets they haven't been
targeting population centers Hezbollah
describes what is taking place along the
border as skirmishes and a warning while
Israel has described what is happening
as below the level of escalation but
what could happen next this is the
question on everybody's Minds people are
worried lebanon's National carrier the
Middle East Airlines has moved five of
its aircraft now to Istanbul airport
it's grounded at Istanbul airport and
that there are reports that they're
going to move more more to Cyprus so
people are bracing for the possibility
of this conflict which is now confined
to the south of the country to spread
elsewhere um Israel has warned Hezbollah
time and time again that you will face a
deadly response if you initiate a
full-blown attack hasbalah not phased
saying that we are ready for battle and
we know our duties okay Zena many thanks
for the update we'll keep an eye on that
situ a and speak to you more in the
coming hours